The efficient branch is an in-progress version of prASC.py that is set up 
to not reprocess sentences/questions for which data already exists in results 
files. For this to work, results files must have the names prASC assigns them 
('results.csv' for sentences, 'subject_question_info.txt' and 'question_summary.txt' 
for questions, and 'results_combined.csv' for the CSV combining sentences and 
questions), and these files must be in the user-specified output directory. 
The script first looks for the uncombined results files, and then in the combined
results file if no uncombined results file exists.

It uses this info to construct a list of filenames already in the results files, 
and removes files with those names from the list of files to process for sentences/questions. 
This means that any ASC files you have not yet processed should not have the 
same name as those in the existing results files in order for them to be properly
processed. In addition, it will ignore directory information when comparing files
in the directory that is to be processed with those specified in the results file,
and only compare file names. Take this into account when setting your directories 
in the parameters file.

This all assumes that you have not modified your configuration settings between 
runs; if you modify configuration settings related to column names in your 
results files between runs, prASC will not be able to detect which files have 
already been processed. This may break things in unexpected ways, since the config
file is the only way for prASC to determine how to combine new results with existing
results. If you change your config file, it is recommended that you reprocess 
everything by using the '--reeverything' ('-re') option. In addition, if you 
have deleted or renamed columns in your CSV and saved over the original file 
output by prASC, this may not work.

If you don't have any files to process, but just want to generate the separate
results files from an existing combined results CSV, just run the script using
the '--keepall' ('-k') option. If you also want to remove the combined results
file while doing this, set the '--nocombine' ('-nc') option as well.

In order to accommodate users who may wish to reprocess all sentences and 
questions, this version of prASC adds three new options: '--resentences' ('-rs')
and '--requestions' ('-rq') reprocess all results for sentences and
questions, respectively; while '--reeverything' ('-re') sets all of '--refix',
'--resentences', and '--requestions'. This version also updates the short version 
of '--refix' to '-rf', to match the format of the new commands. If you have 
deleted ASC files from the directory to be processed, it will add information 
that has not yet been processed while retaining information that has. (Note that if you
have deleted all files from the raw ASC files directory, prASC will show an error
that it cannot find ASC files. In this case, you should set asc_files_dir to the
directory of the processed ASC files, and set the --nofix ('-nf') option.)
